feat: add authentication documentation for REANA JupyterLab extension (#35)
vre-hub/vre-hub.github.io: docs/extensions/reana-jupyterlab/usage/authentication.md

# Authentication

## Token Reuse

> The REANA JupyterLab extension automatically reuses your existing VRE-issued JWT access token - the same one that authenticated your current JupyterLab session. **No additional login or authentication steps are required** to start using REANA through the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REANA JupyterLab extension automatically reuses the existing JWT access token issued by the IdP, corresponding to the one that authenticated the current JupyterLab session. **No additional login or authentication steps are required** to start using REANA through the extension.
```

Author: I was unsure how to mention that the token is VRE requested. The VRE initiates the token request itself, hence I have mentioned like this, but I can see that it is incorrect. I will change it to your suggestion

Reviewer: Thanks! "VRE-issued" it's definitely NOT incorrect (in a sense it is true), but in the perspective of having this documentation usable by a broader audience than the VRE one, I think it's better to generalise the fact that it doesn't matter the token provenance, the only important thing is that it's a valid token :)

> The REANA JupyterLab extension automatically reuses the existing JWT access token issued by the IdP, corresponding to the one that authenticated the current JupyterLab session. **No additional login or authentication steps are required** to start using REANA through the extension.

Reviewer 2: add something like "...the current JupyterLab session - in the case of the VRE, the ESCAPE INDIGO IAM"

## Verifying Access

You can verify that authentication is working properly by:

1. Opening the REANA sidebar tab in JupyterLab
2. Checking if you can see your workflows listed
3. Opening a workflow detail panel to see its contents

> If these actions succeed, your authentication is working correctly. If you see "unauthorized" errors or empty lists where you expect content, there may be an authentication issue.

Reviewer 2: Is the `unauthorized` feature developed and implemented ?

Author: The "unauthorized" message is my assumption for an error message that could appear if something goes wrong. 
This PR contains documentation about multiple things that have not been developed and implemented, and I had to assume and think through some of the issues/challenges that may arise. Do you think it could be useful to make the docs more abstract and this paragraph to avoid specific values?

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter authentication problems:

- **Token expired?** Restart your JupyterLab container to get a fresh token
- **Still not working?** Re-login to the VRE web interface, then launch a new JupyterLab session
- **Need different credentials?** Use the connection configuration panel (see below)

## Optional Connection Configuration

> You can manually configure the connection to a different REANA instance by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still manually configure the connection to a different REANA instance by:
```

> 1. Opening the REANA sidebar tab

Reviewer 2: 1. Open Reana JupyterLab by clicking on the REANA icon in the JupyterLab sidebar.

> 2. Clicking on the connection settings icon

Reviewer 2: Click

> 3. Entering a custom server URL and/or access token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Entering a custom server URL and access token
```

> 3. Entering a custom server URL and access token

Reviewer 2: Enter a REANA server URL and the REANA access token.

> This is useful if you need to connect to a different REANA instance than the default one configured for VRE.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't add any relevant information. 

Please change it with the last paragraph of the page you removed:

`
After connecting to the REANA server, a notification will appear in the bottom right corner of the screen indicating that the connection was successful. You can now interact with the REANA server from within JupyterLab.
`

> ## Authentication Flow

Reviewer 2: I would move this section upper, so that we get the following order
 - Verifying Access
 - Authentication flow
 - Troubleshooting 
 - Optional Connection Configuration
